Okay, so the system kind of does what we want, to some extent anyway. And the problems we are facing now are more interesting. So the first problem is that we don't know how often to change, you know, look to... To change the display or the timeout, right? So essentially the issue is that our timeout is too short. So I put it to five seconds, but the problem is that when I stop talking, the screen flickers due to the animation and look I love the animation okay I want to keep that right but the main problem I'm having is that I think maybe I can have a better way to use display the information like more like real time a little bit so what I want is to change the system to use a file system watcher to monitor this file, the current lecture, okay? And what I want to do is I want to have two different file system watchers. One of them, they will, I guess, monitor all the changes in this file and they will save successive versions that I want those versions to be timestamped in .slash version that folder.we save all the different versions of the HTML we're generating so that it looks very nice I need another piece of software that will combine the current output of the HTML on each one of the versions and it will generate one single PDF I guess we want to generate an image using something called WKHTML to PDF or to PNG. I believe there is a way to automate the browser so that it generates an image from the slide. And then we want to make a folder called images to put all the images. And then we want to put all the images which are being put there into the you know we can save them for later right so i want to put all the images which are being generated into a folder and then another command line. So in summary, I need one command line tool where I take this like a persistent program that will monitor the file system and anything that is coming out into this capture HTML will be saved in a different file in a differentfolder okay and this program should take as a input parameter the name of the folder where we're going to save the images so that we can keep all the lectures organized separately secondly i would like a place to have all the different uh i guess um a piece of software that will combine the existing HTML and CSS and the existing document into one single big HTML document that has everything and it's gonna look great and it's gonna have like page breaks, you know, print out page breaks so that it will take as an input a folder with all the HTMLs and I guess another folder with the template HTML and I need you to make a copy of the template HTML and all these template things that we just did so it's not going to be JavaScript interactive, it's not going to be you know refreshing every five seconds but it does need to generate all the slides one under the other in the exact same style as they are appearing so that I will have one single HTML file and I want that to be on the on this HTTP server maybe it can be like on slash you know like slashhistory you know where no maybe not maybe what I want is just like a command line tool that takes the folder with all the HTML slides and it will generate images okay so like I want one image for each thing and also I want another thing which is like to take all these images and put them in different like I'm gonna call them you know line break HTML into single HTML report so that I can open the report with the browser and I can control P to make it into PDF And I want that PDF to happen automatically. Like I don't want to, I want the images, the HTML and the PDF to all happen automatically, basically. But there are going to be different processes. So I want to carefully control what goes into the final cut. I want to maybe reorder the slides. So the slides need to be numbered, you know. And they need to be presented into HTML in a sorted numeric format. And so that's one thing I want. So yeah, and the other problem I'm having right now with the current code, the current code, we need to change it so that it will not be doing this thing where it's doing it all the time. I want the current code to be file system monitoring so I can monitor the file system. That's very important.for me right now and in addition to this then the other problem I am facing is that like when I'm talking like right now we have this this code that is like getting all the data okay And it's getting it like in a mode, which I'm going to say it's like an automatic mode, right? So like every three seconds, it's just generating a new slide and whatever. But what I think will be nice... It will be if I had like, like, um, like a two monitor. Okay, so there's two things that I would like. So first of all, the current algorithm works, it's very fast. It's doing every three lines, I'm very happy with that. But the problem I'm having is that the slides, most of the slides we're generating, they don't have an image, right? And I think image is like the full value here. So I want to focus more on the images. And basically what I want to do is I want like a try and retry process where we're currently generating one query for Wikipedia where we go get some data from Wikipedia. I want you to generate two or three different queries for two or three different but very closely related concepts so that when I generate theconcept, if the first concept doesn't have an image, the second concept maybe has an image, right? And it's important to try multiple times the Wikipedia API until we finally get one with an image. And if we get multiple, then we're going to get, I guess, the first one that worked, right? And then the other problem is that we're using the small images for the API, but the Wikipedia, they have small images and big images. They have a very large looking image that is looking really great. I know that's not there always, but I would like to try if a large image exists, display the large image. And if that doesn't work, display the smaller image. And if we don't have an image in all three concepts, well, that's it, no image. But right now, most of the concepts are showing up with no image, and I don't like that. So those are my requests. Thanks.